Remove scope attributes form the Scope identity (#2789)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/api.md

- `attributes` (optional): Specifies the instrumentation scope attributes to
associate with emitted telemetry.

Loggers are identified by `name`, `version`, and `schema_url` fields.  When more
than one `Logger` of the same `name`, `version`, and `schema_url` is created, it
is unspecified whether or under which conditions the same or different `Logger`

> instances are returned. As a consequence, it is a user error to create Meters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instances are returned. It is a user error to create Loggers
```

Author: Done.
